size 10
Title: A Randomized Phase III Trial for Surgically Resected Early Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Crizotinib versus Observation for Patients with Tumors Harboring the Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase (ALK) Fusion Protein
Phase: III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:
I. To evaluate whether adjuvant therapy with crizotinib will result in improved disease-free survival (DFS) for patients with stage IB >= 4cm, II and IIIA, ALK-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) following surgical resection.

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To evaluate and compare overall survival (OS) associated with crizotinib.
II. To evaluate the safety profile of crizotinib when given in the adjuvant therapy setting.
III. To collect tumor tissue and blood specimens for future research.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms.

ARM A: Patients receive crizotinib orally (PO) twice daily (BID) on days 1-21. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

ARM B: Patients undergo observation.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 6 months if < 4 or 5 years from study entry, and every 12 months if 5-10 or 6-10 years from study entry.








Title: Molecular Analysis for Therapy Choice (MATCH)
Phase: II
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE: 
I. To evaluate the proportion of patients with objective response (OR) to targeted study agent(s) in patients with advanced refractory cancers/lymphomas/multiple myeloma.

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES: 
I. To evaluate the proportion of patients alive and progression free at 6 months of treatment with targeted study agent in patients with advanced refractory cancers/lymphomas/multiple myeloma.
II. To evaluate time until death or disease progression.
III. To identify potential predictive biomarkers beyond the genomic alteration by which treatment is assigned or resistance mechanisms using additional genomic, ribonucleic acid (RNA), protein and imaging-based assessment platforms.
IV. To assess whether radiomic phenotypes obtained from pre-treatment imaging and changes from pre- through post-therapy imaging can predict objective response and progression free survival and to evaluate the association between pre-treatment radiomic phenotypes and targeted gene mutation patterns of tumor biopsy specimens.

OUTLINE:
STEP 0 (Screening): Patients undergo biopsy along with molecular characterization of the biopsy material for specific, pre-defined mutations, amplifications, or translocations of interest via tumor sequencing and immunohistochemistry. Consenting patients also undergo collection of blood samples for research purposes.

STEPS 1, 3, 5, 7 (Treatment): Patients are assigned to 1 of 38 treatment subprotocols based on molecularly-defined subgroup. (See Arms Section) 

STEPS 2, 4, 6 (Screening): Patients experiencing disease progression on the prior Step treatment or who could not tolerate the assigned treatment undergo review of their previous biopsy results to determine if another treatment is available or undergo another biopsy. Patients may have a maximum of 2 screening biopsies and 2 treatments per biopsy. 

STEP 8 (Optional Research): Consenting patients undergo end-of-treatment biopsy and collection of blood samples for research purposes.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months for 2 years and then every 6 months for 1 year.








Title: A Randomized Phase III Trial of Adjuvant Therapy Comparing Doxorubicin plus Cyclophosphamide Followed by Weekly Paclitaxel with or without Carboplatin for Node-Positive or High-Risk Node-Negative Triple-Negative Invasive Breast Cancer
Phase: III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To determine whether the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin (doxorubicin hydrochloride)/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel will improve the invasive disease-free survival (IDFS) compared to doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel when administered to patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer.

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To determine whether the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel will improve the overall survival (OS) compared to doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel when administered to patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer.
II. To determine whether the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel will improve the breast cancer-free survival (BCFS) compared to doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel when administered to patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer. 
III. To determine whether the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel will improve the recurrence-free interval (RFI) compared to doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel when administered to patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer. 
IV. To determine whether the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel will improve the distant recurrence-free interval (DRFI) compared to doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel when administered to patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer. 
V. To determine the toxicity of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel administered concurrently with carboplatin compared to the toxicity of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel alone.
VI. To determine if germline BRCA status is associated with benefit in IDFS or OS from the addition of carboplatin to an adjuvant chemotherapy regimen of doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel in patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer.
VII. To determine if the addition of carboplatin will improve the RFI among the homologous recombination (HR) deficient patients as determined by the homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) score.
VIII. To determine whether the efficacy of carboplatin on RFI in HR-deficient patients differs from that in patients who are not HR-deficient.
IX. To collect tissue and blood samples at several occasions for future biomarkers development in predicting risk of breast cancer recurrence in patients with operable node-positive or high-risk node-negative triple-negative breast cancer treated with doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel with or without carboplatin and predicting benefit from the addition of carboplatin among these patients.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. 

ARM I (DOXORUBICIN HYDROCHLORIDE [A] CYCLOPHOSPHAMIDE [C]-->WEEKLY PACLITAXEL [WP]): Patients receive doxorubicin hydrochloride intravenously (IV) over 15 minutes and cyclophosphamide IV over 30 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 2 weeks for 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then receive paclitaxel IV over 60 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats weekly for 12 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. 

ARM II (AC-->WP + CARBOPLATIN): Patients receive doxorubicin hydrochloride and cyclophosphamide as in Arm I. Patients then receive paclitaxel IV over 60 minutes on days 1, 8, and 15 and carboplatin IV over 30-60 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 3 weeks for 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 6 months for 5 years and then every 12 months for 5 years.








Title: EA5163/S1709 INSIGNA : A Randomized, Phase III Study of Firstline Immunotherapy Alone or in Combination with Chemotherapy in Induction/Maintenance or Postprogression in Advanced Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) with Immunobiomarker SIGNature-Driven Analysis
Phase: III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:
I. To evaluate overall survival (OS) in each of the 2 experimental arms (Arms A and B) to control (Arm C).

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To evaluate progression-free survival (PFS) per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1 for Arm C versus each of Arms A and B.
II. To evaluate best objective response rates per RECIST 1.1 for Arm C versus each of Arms A and B.
III. To estimate toxicity within each of the treatment arms via the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) criteria.
IV. To compare outcomes between Arms A and B.
V. To compare outcomes by treatment arm within subgroups defined by a cutpoint of PD-L1 expression at >= 50%.

BIOMARKER OBJECTIVE:
I. To collect and bank tissue and blood for future research studies, including potential development of a prognostic and predictive signature for MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) in combination with chemotherapy versus MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) alone.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 3 arms.

ARM A: Patients receive pembrolizumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Within 6 weeks of disease progression, patients receive pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes and carboplatin IV over 30 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then may receive pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

ARM B: Patients receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Within 6 weeks of disease progression, patients receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes, pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes, and carboplatin IV over 30 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes and pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years for pembrolizumab in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity and until to disease progression for pemetrexed.

ARM C: Patients receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes, pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes, and carboplatin IV over 30 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes and pemetrexed IV over 10 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years for pembrolizumab in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity and until to disease progression for pemetrexed.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for 5 years.








Title: A Randomized Phase III Trial Comparing Axillary Lymph Node Dissection to Axillary Radiation in Breast Cancer Patients (cT1-3 N1) Who Have Positive Sentinel Lymph Node Disease after Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy
Phase: III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:
I. To evaluate whether radiation to the undissected axilla and regional lymph nodes is not inferior to axillary lymph node dissection with radiation to the regional lymph nodes but not to the dissected axilla in terms of invasive breast cancer recurrence-free interval in patients with positive sentinel lymph node(s) (SLN[s]) after completion of neoadjuvant chemotherapy.

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To evaluate whether radiation to the undissected axilla and regional lymph nodes is not inferior to axillary lymph node dissection with radiation to the regional lymph nodes but not to the dissected axilla in terms of the incidence of invasive loco-regional recurrences in patients with a positive SLN(s) after completion of neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
II. To obtain an estimate of the distribution of residual disease burden scores.
III. To estimate the distribution of overall survival.

CORRELATIVE OBJECTIVES:
I. To estimate the incidence of arm lymphedema.
II. To estimate the incidence of breast lymphedema for patients who underwent breast conserving surgery based on the specific treatment rendered to the axilla.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms.

ARM I: Patients undergo axillary lymph node dissection. Beginning 3-12 weeks following surgery, patients undergo nodal radiation therapy comprising 3-dimensional (3D) conformal radiation therapy (3D-CRT), intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), or proton radiation therapy (PRT) 5 days a week for 5-6 weeks.

ARM II: Patients undergo axillary and nodal radiation therapy comprising 3D-CRT, IMRT, or PRT 5 days a week for 5-6 weeks.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at least every 6 months for years 1-2 and then annually for years 3-8.








Title: DART: Dual Anti-CTLA-4 and Anti-PD-1 Blockade in Rare Tumors
Phase: II
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To evaluate the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version (v)1.1 overall response rate (ORR) in subsets of patients with advanced rare cancers treated with ipilimumab plus nivolumab combination immunotherapy.
II. To evaluate the overall response rate (ORR) in patients with gestational trophoblastic tumors treated with ipilimumab plus nivolumab combination immunotherapy.
III. To evaluate the RECIST v1.1 overall response rate (ORR) in patients PD-L1 amplified cancers treated with nivolumab immunotherapy.

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To evaluate toxicities in each cohort.
II. To estimate overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), clinical benefit rate; and to estimate immune related (i)RECIST ORR (iORR), and iRECIST PFS (iPFS) across cohorts and within each cohort.

OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 of 2 arms. 

ARM I (ALL COHORTS EXCEPT THE PD-L1 AMPLIFIED COHORT): Patients receive nivolumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on days 1, 15, and 29 and ipilimumab IV over 60 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 42 days for up to 17 cycles (2 years) in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients who complete 17 cycles (2 years) of therapy, may continue receiving the same treatment with nivolumab and ipilimumab, or receive nivolumab once every 14 or 28 days (2 weeks or 4 weeks) per physician discretion in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients who stop treatment prior to the completion of 17 cycles of therapy may receive nivolumab once every 14 or 28 days (2 weeks or 4 weeks) in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

ARM II (PD-L1 AMPLIFIED COHORT): Patients receive nivolumab IV over 30 minutes on days 1, 15 and 29. Treatment repeats every 42 days for up to 17 cycles (2 years) in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After 17 cycles (2 years) of therapy, patients may receive nivolumab once every 14 or 28 days (2 weeks or 4 weeks) in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for 10 years from registration.








Title: A Randomized, Phase II/III Study of Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin and CTEP-Supplied Atezolizumab versus Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin, CTEP-Supplied Bevacizumab and CTEP-Supplied Atezolizumab versus Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin and CTEP-Supplied Bevacizumab in Platinum Resistant Ovarian Cancer
Phase: II_III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:
I. Estimate the probability of a dose limiting toxicity (DLT) following cycle 1 of experimental regimens (pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride [pegylated liposomal doxorubicin] [PLD] and atezolizumab and PLD/bevacizumab and atezolizumab). (Safety lead-in)
II. Estimate and compare the hazard of first progression or death (progression free survival [PFS]) of each experimental regimen relative to the reference regimen, PLD and bevacizumab. (Phase II study)
III. Estimate and compare the hazard of death and the hazard of first progression or death (PFS) of the experimental regimen relative to the reference regimen. (Phase III) (24-FEB-2021)

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. Estimate and compare the probabilities of response (objective response rate [ORR], either partial or complete response) defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version (v)1.1 criteria on each study regimen. (Phase II study) (24-FEB-2021)
II. Estimate the frequency and severity of adverse events as classified and graded with Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) in those patients who initiate their randomly assigned study treatment. (Phase II study) (03/19/2018)
III. Estimate and compare ORR in each treatment group. (Phase III study)
IV. Estimate the frequency and severity of adverse events in those patients who initiate their randomly assigned study treatment. (Phase III study)
V. Estimate and compare mean patient reported outcome scores (PROs) as measured by National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN)-Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy (FACT) ovarian symptom index (NFOSI)-18 disease-related symptoms (DRS). (Phase III study)
VI. Estimate and compare the treatment groups on the basis of the PROs: treatment side effects (TSE), function/well-being (FWB), fatigue (Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy [FACIT]-fatigue subscale) and abdominal discomfort (FACT/Gynecologic Oncology Group [GOG]-abdominal discomfort [AD] subscale). (Phase III study) (10/16/2017)

TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCE OBJECTIVES:
I. To determine whether biomarker levels in pre-treatment tissue, and pre- or on-treatment peripheral blood, and stool specimens are associated with ORR, PFS and/or overall survival (OS).
II. Estimate pre-treatment PD-L1 expression on tumor cells measured by quantitative immunohistochemistry (IHC), and determine whether it is associated with the duration of PFS or overall survival. (Integrated Biomarker)
III. Analysis of T cell receptor (TCR) repertoires by deep sequencing of peripheral blood samples. (Exploratory Biomarkers [10/16/2017])
IV. Tumor “immunogenicity” as determined by the neo-antigen landscape and characterization of the tumor microenvironment using next-generation sequencing, including but not limited to whole exome sequencing and/or RNA sequencing. (Exploratory Biomarkers [10/16/2017])
V. Microbiome analysis via stool sampling. (Exploratory Biomarkers [10/16/2017])
VI. To determine whether changes in quantitative biomarker parameters after the first 6 and 12 weeks of therapy predict ORR, PFS and/or OS.

OUTLINE: Patients will be randomized to 1 of 3 arms.

ARM I: Patients receive pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes on day 1 and atezolizumab IV over 30-60 minutes on days 1 and 15. (Closed to accrual as of February 09, 2021)

ARM II: Patients receive pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride IV over 60 minutes on day 1, bevacizumab IV over 30-90 minutes on days 1 and 15, and atezolizumab IV over 30-60 minutes on days 1 and 15.

ARM III: Patients receive pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride IV over 60 minutes on day 1 and bevacizumab IV over 30-90 minutes on days 1 and 15.

In all arms, cycles repeat every 28 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months for up to 2 years, and then every 6 months for up to 3 years.








Title: (CompassHER2-pCR): Preoperative THP and Postoperative HP in Patients Who Achieve a Pathologic Complete Response Part 1 Component of: The CompassHER2 Trials (COMprehensive Use of Pathologic Response ASSessment to Optimize Therapy in HER2-Positive Breast Cancer)
Phase: II
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:
I. To determine if 3-year recurrence-free survival (RFS) is greater than 92% among clinical stages II or IIIa patients (by American Joint Committee on Cancer [AJCC] cancer staging manual anatomic staging table, 8th edition) with HER2-positive breast cancer who achieve pathologic complete response (pCR) (ypT0/is ypN0) after preoperative therapy with 12 weeks of a taxane, trastuzumab (or Food and Drug Administration [FDA] approved biosimilar) and pertuzumab (THP x 12).

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To determine 3-year IDFS (invasive disease-free survival), DDFS (distant disease-free survival), DRFS (distant relapse-free survival), RFI (recurrence-free interval), OS (overall survival) and breast cancer-specific survival in patients who achieve pCR (and by pretreatment clinical stage). (Secondary Clinical Objective)
II. To determine 3-year EFS (event-free survival) in all patients from time of study registration. (Secondary Clinical Objective)
III. To evaluate safety and tolerability for all patients during the pre-operative phase and for patients who attain pCR and de-escalate therapy (Arm A) until the completion of post-surgery protocol assigned therapy (i.e., until the end of trastuzumab and pertuzumab [HP] therapy). (Secondary Clinical Objective)
IV. To evaluate the association of estrogen receptor (ER) status in the untreated primary tumor with pathologic response and with long-term survival outcomes (including RFS, EFS, IDFS, DDFS, DRFS, RFI, OS, and breast cancer-specific survival). (Secondary Correlative Objective)
V. To evaluate the associations of detection of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) in the blood at baseline with pCR. (Secondary Correlative Objective)
VI. To evaluate the association of detection of CTCs in the blood at baseline, after 3 weeks of THP, after 12 weeks of THP (before surgery), after surgery before any additional therapy, and after completion of HER2-targeted therapy with RFS in patients who achieve pCR or not. (Secondary Correlative Objective)

EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:
I. To determine 3-year RFS, IDFS (invasive disease-free survival), DDFS (distant disease-free survival), DRFS (distant relapse-free survival), RFI (recurrence-free interval), OS (overall survival) and breast cancer-specific survival in patients who do not achieve pCR (and by pretreatment clinical stage). (Exploratory Clinical Objective)
II. To determine the pathologic response to THP neoadjuvant therapy, as assessed by residual cancer burden (RCB). (Exploratory Clinical Objective)
III. To determine the association between residual cancer burden (RCB) and all described standardized definitions for efficacy end points (STEEP) criteria outcomes. (Exploratory Clinical Objective)
IV. To determine the false negative rate (FNR) of limited staging procedures (defined as sentinel lymph node biopsy [SLNB] plus removal of clipped node) in patients who undergo such procedures with a planned axillary lymph node dissection (ALND). (Exploratory Clinical Objective)
V. To determine axillary pCR rates as a function of the burden of disease at presentation as determined on pre-treatment ultrasound (US) and the axillary staging technique (SLNB plus ensuring removal of clipped node versus ALND). (Exploratory Clinical Objective)
VI. To evaluate the associations between plasma tumor cell-free deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) (cfDNA) tumor-specific mutations (baseline and after therapy) with pathologic response and long-term outcomes (including RFS, EFS, IDFS, DDFS, DRFS, RFI, OS, and breast cancer-specific survival). (Exploratory Correlative Objective)
VII. To evaluate the associations between tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and immune activation gene signatures in the baseline tumor with pathologic response and long-term outcomes (including RFS, EFS, IDFS, DDFS, DRFS, RFI, OS and breast cancer-specific survival). (Exploratory Correlative Objective)
VIII. To determine the frequency of change in intrinsic subtype between pretreatment tumor specimen and residual disease at the time of surgery. (Exploratory Correlative Objective)
IX. To evaluate the associations between DNA copy number, DNA mutations, ribonucleic acid (RNA) expression and protein expression in the baseline tumor and changes from baseline to post-THP therapy with pathologic response and long-term outcomes (including RFS, EFS, IDFS, DDFS, DRFS, RFI, OS, and breast cancer-specific survival). (Exploratory Correlative Objective)

OUTLINE:

PRE-OPERATIVE/NEOADJUVANT THERAPY: Patients receive either paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel intravenously (IV) on days 1, 8 and 15, or docetaxel IV on day 1 at the discretion of the treating oncologist. Patients also receive trastuzumab IV on day 1 and weekly thereafter, and pertuzumab IV on day 1. Patients may substitute trastuzumab-hyaluronidase subcutaneously (SC) over 2-5 minutes on day 1 in place of trastuzumab or pertuzumab-trastuzumab-hyaluronidase SC over 8 minutes on day 1 of cycle 1 and over 5 minutes on day 1 of cycles 2-4 in place of trastuzumab and pertuzumab. Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. However, if surgery occurs later than 21 days after the 4th cycle of trastuzumab and pertuzumab, patients receive an additional cycle of trastuzumab and pertuzumab before surgery.

SURGERY: Within 126 days (18 weeks) after the first dose of neoadjuvant therapy, patients undergo standard of care lumpectomy and/or mastectomy.

POST-OPERATIVE/ADJUVANT THERAPY: Patients are assigned to 1 of 2 arms.

ARM A: Patients with pCR after surgery receive trastuzumab and pertuzumab IV on day 1. Patients may substitute trastuzumab-hyaluronidase SC over 2-5 minutes on day 1 in place of trastuzumab or pertuzumab-trastuzumab-hyaluronidase SC over 5 minutes on day 1 in place of trastuzumab and pertuzumab. Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 13 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients may also undergo standard of care radiation therapy and receive hormone therapy if appropriate.

ARM B: Patients with remaining tumor after surgery receive standard of care trastuzumab emtansine for 14 doses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients may also receive additional standard of care chemotherapy, as well as hormone therapy if appropriate.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months for 2 years, every 6 months for 2-5 years, then annually for 5-15 years from date of surgery.








Title: Phase II/III Study of Circulating Tumor DNA as a Predictive Biomarker in Adjuvant Chemotherapy in Patients with Stage IIA Colon Cancer (COBRA)
Phase: II_III
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To compare the rate of ctDNA clearance in "ctDNA detected" patients treated with or without adjuvant chemotherapy following resection of stage IIA colon cancer. (Phase II)
II. To compare recurrence-free survival (RFS) in "ctDNA detected" patients treated with or without adjuvant chemotherapy following resection of stage IIA colon cancer. (Phase III)

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To describe the prevalence of detectable ctDNA in patients with stage IIA colon cancer following surgical resection.
II. To estimate time-to-event outcomes (overall survival [OS], recurrence-free survival [RFS], and time to recurrence [TTR]) by ctDNA marker status and treatment for patients with resected stage IIA colon cancer.
III. To estimate the rate of compliance with adjuvant chemotherapy and/or active surveillance for patients with resected stage IIA colon cancer.

EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:
I. To describe the association of quantitative ctDNA levels with time to event outcomes (RFS, OS, and TTR).
II. To characterize genomic profiles associated with recurrence using a ctDNA assay in patients with resected stage IIA colon cancer.
III. To model the cost effectiveness of the use of ctDNA versus standard of care in this setting.
IV. To evaluate performance of a ctDNA assay after incorporation of patient tumor and peripheral blood mononuclear cells.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.

ARM I (BLOOD STORED AND TESTED FOR ctDNA LATER): Patients undergo active surveillance.

ARM II (BLOOD TESTED FOR ctDNA AT BASELINE): Patients are assigned to 1 of 2 groups.

GROUP I (ctDNA DETECTED): At the discretion of the investigator, patients receive either oxaliplatin intravenously (IV) over 2 hours on day 1, leucovorin IV over 2 hours on day 1, and fluorouracil IV bolus over 2-4 minutes on day 1 and then by continuous IV over 46-48 hours repeated every 14 days for up to 12 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity or oxaliplatin IV over 2 hours on day 1 and capecitabine orally (PO) twice daily (BID) on days 1-14 repeated every 21 days for up to 8 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

GROUP II (ctDNA NOT DETECTED): Patients undergo active surveillance.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 12 months and then every 6 months for 2 years.








Title: A Phase II Randomized Study of Adjuvant versus NeoAdjuvant Pembrolizumab (MK-3475) for Clinically Detectable Stage III-IV High-Risk Melanoma
Phase: II
Description: PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:
I. To compare event-free survival (EFS) in participant with high-risk resectable melanoma randomized to neoadjuvant MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) with participants randomized to adjuvant MK-3475 (pembrolizumab).

SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:
I. To assess the frequency and severity of toxicities on each of the arms.
II. To compare between arms overall survival (OS), disease control at 24 weeks, locoregional control in the surgical site(s), and total number of MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) doses received.
III. On the neoadjuvant arm, to estimate the pathologic response rate, the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1 response rate (confirmed and unconfirmed complete response [CR] and partial response [PR]), and the immune-related (i)RECIST response rate (confirmed and unconfirmed CR and PR), before surgical resection; to compare definitions of pathologic partial response; and to evaluate the association between pathologic response and EFS and OS.
IV. To describe the proportion of participants on each arm who received the surgery planned at randomization.

ADDITIONAL OBJECTIVE:
I. To bank tumor tissue and whole blood in anticipation of future correlative studies in this participant population.

OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.

ARM I: Within 17 days (preferably within 14 days) days after surgical resection, patients receive pembrolizumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 3 weeks for 18 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

ARM II: Patients receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes on day 1 every 3 weeks for 3 cycles, then undergo surgical resection within 3 weeks. Within 84 days, patients receive pembrolizumab IV over 30 minutes every 3 weeks for 15 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.

After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 3 and 12 weeks, then every 3 months for 2 years, every 6 months for 3 years, then every 12 months for up to a total of 10 years.








